what's up everyone I'm the seven of you
eight and in this video I will show you
how to add an iphone icon to your
website so this is a blogger but it can
be any website first of all you need to
have your icon here's my icon it's
really simple as you can see it must be
a above 70 70 70 dimension 70 pixels and
yeah you can now put some more detail
and then click save us on your favorite
image editing software and save it as a
PNG you name it whatever you want I'm
gonna name it but yeah
and click Save next you need your web
browser and a image hosting website i am
using image suck now click on upload and
you have to upload your picture select
your picture and then click the upload
button right here and when the image
will be uploaded the web site it will
take us to a website where we can view
our new emails on the internet so here
it is icon well here's the URL which
we're going to need so copy that and
let's go to our code HTML and let's
paste that let's paste the image URL
right here I'll put this code on the
video description so don't worry and
then copy that and go to your blogger
then click design then edit HTML and on
the head you have to put the code above
this big government right here so go
over and paste the code and then click
preview
oh yeah there was some typing error so
I'm gonna fix that and then click
preview again okay here it is your
website here here's my test blog so then
click Save where it is okay save and now
let's go to the iphone so here we are on
the ipod and if we now go to our blog
mine was the 78 dot blogspot com
here's loading and here it is so here's
my website and when I click the plus
button no top right here and then click
Add to Home screen I will now have my
icon and click add
then here's the icon your website and
when you click that icon you will get to
the website so that was a very quick
video tutorial on how to have an iphone
icon for your website I hope that helped
and please rate comment and subscribe
and also check out my new website no I'm
a co-founder of that website actually it
is called great I ops you click on that
you see it has an iphone nagging too and
what it actually is it is an app
reviewing website it increasingly
started so please support it I man up
reviewer on that website here's my
review of mega jump well yeah i'll have
the link in the description and the code
you have to put so thank you very much
for watching again see you on the next
video great i ops yay